# Jenkins-top-submitters documentation

This tool checks and extracts data from the Jenkins Submitter pivot tables.
These files, generated by the Jenkins Submitters Stats scripts, show the
number of GitHub PRs in the jenkinsci and jenkins-infra org per month for each
of the submitters. 

The CHECK command can be used to validate that the file is of the expected format.
The EXTRACT command will list the 35 most active submitters for the given period.

Usage:
  `jenkins-top-submitters [command]`

Available Commands:
  * [check](#CHECK) - Validates if input file has the correct format
  * [extract](#EXTRACT) - Extracts the top submitters from the supplied pivot table
  * [version](#VERSION) - Displays the version and build information
  * help - Help about any command

---
**CHECK** <a name="CHECK"></a>

The CHECK command validates whether the input file is processable.
It must absolutely be generated by the GNU "datamash" pivot function in
order to be successfully processed.

Usage:
  `jenkins-top-submitters check [input file] [flags]`

Flags:
```
  -v, --verbose   Displays useful info during the validation
  -h, --help      help for check
```

---
**EXTRACT** <a name="EXTRACT"></a>

This command extract the top submitter for a given period (by default 12 months).
This interval is counted by default from the last month available in the pivot table.
The input file is first validated before being processed.

If not specified, the output file name is hardcoded to "top-submitters_YYYY-MM.csv".
The "YYYY-MM" stands for the specified end month (see "--month" flag). It is "LATEST"
if not end month was specified (default).

The "months" parameter is the number of months used to compute the top users, 
counting from backwards from the last month. If a 0 months is specified, all the 
available is counted.

The "topSize" parameter defines the number of users considered as top users.
If more submitters with the same amount of total PRs exist ("ex aequo"), they are included in 
the list (resulting in more thant the specified number of top users).

Usage:
  `jenkins-top-submitters extract [input file] [flags]`

Flags:
```
  -h, --help           help for extract
  -m, --month string   Month to extract top submitters. (default "latest")
  -o, --out string     Output file name. (default "top-submitters_YYYY-MM.csv")
  -p, --period int     Number of months to accumulate. (default 12)
  -t, --topSize int    Number of top submitters to extract. (default 35)
  -v, --verbose        Displays useful info during the extraction
```

---
**VERSION** <a name="VERSION"></a>

Displays the version and build information

Usage:
  `jenkins-top-submitters version [flags]``

Flags:
```
  -d, --detailed   Prints the detailed version information
  -h, --help       help for version
```
